Setting aside my goodbye and holding a flower,
An uncertain sun dawned outside
I woke up in an empty room,
Leaving behind a piece of warmth.
 
I can’t remember what happened last night, not even a little bit,
But I just have this feeling that someone else was there.
My head’s not spinning, but I have a hangover
Even though I don’t understand, that’s beautiful in itself.
 
A toothbrush on the counter, someone’s cup, skin lotion,
Everything I can’t remember,
And the scent of flowers on my pillow
 
Setting aside my goodbye and holding a flower,
An uncertain sun dawned outside
I’m waking up in an empty room,
Leaving behind a piece of warmth.
 
I don’t remember last night that well,
But I don’t feel like I fell for a badger game either.
My hangover cleared and I thought about it,
But I’m fine with not understanding –
If anything, I prefer it that way.
 
A lavender blooming by the window, a dirty sink, a knitted muffler,
Everything I can’t remember,
And the scent of spring in the room
 
Grasping at the drifting clouds like a game,
The day grew dark like no one was coming.
The setting sun shone through a window,
Leaving me behind without a clue.
 
I actually remember a bit of last night,
And about continuing a life without you in it.
Even now, I can only think of this one thing,
How you disappeared and left me holding a flower.
 
Surely you’ll come back tomorrow,
Coming home like nothing ever happened.
I can hear you opening the door now,
Saying, “sorry for being late.”
I’ve been waiting for just those words,
Waiting intently for the sunset…
 
Before I forget it all, I’ll draw a flower
Once again, I’m alone at night
Falling asleep in an empty room,
As you leave your warmth on me.
 
Like a fool, I’m holding a flower
As spring comes to this room once again
I’m living in a town without you in it,
As you leave your warmth on me -
As you leave a single flower to me.
 
I’ve been waiting for just those words,
Waiting intently for the sunset…