“Why does the scent of the rain make me feel nostalgic?
Why does my heart clamor as summer approaches?
Why do I cry when people laugh at me?
Is it all right to think that even so I’ll be rewarded someday?”

With the word “goodbye”
tearing so much at my chest,
I was standing still for just a few moments
at sunset

“Teacher, I want to talk about my life.
What should I do from now on?
Are you just going to tell me ‘no one knows that’ or something?
Look,

it’s not that I want to suffer.
I just want to live without doing anything.
Is it selfish to just want to look at the blue sky?”

“Why do I lie even though it makes my heart ache?
Why do only bad people prosper?
Why is it that the character for ‘happiness’(幸) includes the ‘money’(￥)sign?
Is it on purpose that leaving out a single stroke turns it into the character for ‘pain’(辛)?”

With a price sticker saying “youth”
stuck to my back
I was hoping in some way for
Hitchcock-like suspense

“Teacher, I don’t care.
Just going on living causes me pain.
Neither Nietzche nor Freud wrote about how to fill this hole.

I just
want to close my eyes in the scent of summer,
And sketch out the height of the clouds with my fingers.
Is it selfish to just want to relive memories?”

“A story where people die dramatically will sell, won’t it?
I’ve come to hate that even the moment that a flower’s petals fall has a price on it.

What was your dream, Teacher?
Did you forget it when you became an adult?”

"Teacher, I want to talk about my life.
What should I do from now on?
‘Tears make people stronger’ was nothing but sophism

Yes,
it’s not that I don’t care what happens to me,
it’s just that reality is flickering,
And summer is far away.

Is this really all right?
Can I go on living like this?
Are you just going to tell me ‘only you can answer that’ or something?
I just
Want to close my eyes to the scent of summer.
I want to feel the wind always.
Is it selfish to just want to look at the blue sky?”
Is it selfish if I just want to know you?